enh(release): prepare broker 20.10.2 release notes (#479)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Broker release notes

### 20.10.2

> Known behaviours:
>
>   - If TLS encryption is configured to use private key/certificate couple
>     for IPv4/6 input/output endpoints, both ends must be updated
>     to ensure communication.
>
>     If you use Centreon MAP, make sure to update MAP server to version >=

> >     20.04.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     20.10.2.
```

#### Bugfixes

*TLS*

> Credentials were no more loaded by the TLS connector. This is fixed with this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credentials were not loaded by the TLS connector anymore. This is fixed with this
```

Those streams have several improvements:

> -   Events exchanges are really faster, especially when Broker has

Author: ```suggestion
-   Events exchanges are much faster, especially when Broker has
```
